fix(xo6/backup-runs): fix issue with task size when accessing backup runs (#9841)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: "I had this issue, happy to know it's fixed"

- [REST] Fixed ignored parameters in request body due to a tsoa bug (see https://github.com/lukeautry/tsoa/pull/1858) (PR [#9793](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/9793))

> - [Tasks] Fixed issue with task type and backup runs on task size (PR [#9841](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/9841))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Tasks] Fixed issue with task without result and backup runs on task size (PR [#9841](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/9841))
```
